docs: documentation added for callbacks middleware (#4370)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/middleware/callbacks/interfaces.md

<!--
order: 3
-->

# Interfaces

> The callbacks middleware requires certain interfaces to be implemented by the underlying ibc application and the secondary application. If you're simply wiring up the callbacks middleware to an existing ibc application stack such as `icacontroller` and `wasm`, you can skip this section.

Author: done

> ## Interfaces for developing the Underlying IBC Application

Reviewer: Maybe a short intro here about why these 2 interfaces are needed and how they are used together would also help.

Author: Which 2 interfaces. I think i tried to add more context into some of them. Also this might be addressed by the upcoming migration docs

### `PacketDataUnmarshaler`

```go
// PacketDataUnmarshaler defines an optional interface which allows a middleware to
// request the packet data to be unmarshaled by the base application.
type PacketDataUnmarshaler interface {
  // UnmarshalPacketData unmarshals the packet data into a concrete type
  UnmarshalPacketData([]byte) (interface{}, error)
}
```

> The callbacks middleware **requires** the underlying ibc application to implement the [`PacketDataUnmarshaler`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/core/05-port/types/module.go#L142-L147) interface so that it can unmarshal the packet data bytes into the appropriate packet data type. (This will be used to parse the callback data which is currently stored in the packet memo field for transfer and ica packets.) See its implementation in the [`transfer`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/transfer/ibc_module.go#L303-L313) and [`icacontroller`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/controller/ibc_middleware.go#L258-L268) modules for reference.

Author: done

Since middlewares do not have packet types, they do not need to implement this interface.

### `PacketData`

```go
// PacketData defines an optional interface which an application's packet data structure may implement.
type PacketData interface {
	// GetPacketSender returns the sender address of the packet data.
	// If the packet sender is unknown or undefined, an empty string should be returned.
	GetPacketSender(sourcePortID string) string
}
```

This is an optional interface that can be implemented by the underlying ibc application's packet data type. It is used to retrieve the packet sender address from the packet data. The callbacks middleware uses this interface to retrieve the packet sender address and pass it to the callback function during a source callback. See its implementation in the [`transfer`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/transfer/types/packet.go#L74-L83) and [`ica`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/types/packet.go#L78-L92).

> 

Reviewer 2: would we want to provide context on why this interface was added? which from my understanding was only to serve the wasm use case of allowing the callback only if the contract address is the sender address

<!--
order: 3
-->

# Interfaces

The callbacks middleware requires certain interfaces to be implemented by the underlying IBC applications and the secondary application. If you're simply wiring up the callbacks middleware to an existing IBC application stack and a secondary application such as `icacontroller` and `x/wasm`, you can skip this section.

## Interfaces for developing the Underlying IBC Application

### `PacketDataUnmarshaler`

```go
// PacketDataUnmarshaler defines an optional interface which allows a middleware to
// request the packet data to be unmarshaled by the base application.
type PacketDataUnmarshaler interface {
  // UnmarshalPacketData unmarshals the packet data into a concrete type
  UnmarshalPacketData([]byte) (interface{}, error)
}
```

> The callbacks middleware **requires** the underlying ibc application to implement the [`PacketDataUnmarshaler`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/core/05-port/types/module.go#L142-L147) interface so that it can unmarshal the packet data bytes into the appropriate packet data type. The packet data type is expected to also implement the `PacketDataProvider` interface (see section below), which is used to parse the callback data that is currently stored in the packet memo field for `transfer` and `ica` packets as a JSON string. See its implementation in the [`transfer`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/transfer/ibc_module.go#L303-L313) and [`icacontroller`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/controller/ibc_middleware.go#L258-L268) modules for reference.

Author: done

### `PacketDataProvider`

```go
// PacketDataProvider defines an optional interfaces for retrieving custom packet data stored on behalf of another application.
// An existing problem in the IBC middleware design is the inability for a middleware to define its own packet data type and insert packet sender provided information.
// A short term solution was introduced into several application's packet data to utilize a memo field to carry this information on behalf of another application.
// This interfaces standardizes that behaviour. Upon realization of the ability for middleware's to define their own packet data types, this interface will be deprecated and removed with time.
type PacketDataProvider interface {
  // GetCustomPacketData returns the packet data held on behalf of another application.
  // The name the information is stored under should be provided as the key.
  // If no custom packet data exists for the key, nil should be returned.
  GetCustomPacketData(key string) interface{}
}
```

> The callbacks middleware also **requires** the underlying ibc application's packet data type to implement the [`PacketDataProvider`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/core/exported/packet.go#L43-L52) interface. This interface is used to retrieve the callback data from the packet data (using the memo field in the case of `transfer` and `ica`). See its implementation in the [`transfer`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/transfer/types/packet.go#L85-L105) module.

Author: It is optional in the sense that callbacks support is optional. But it is required for callbacks support

> The callbacks middleware also **requires** the underlying ibc application's packet data type to implement the [`PacketDataProvider`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/core/exported/packet.go#L43-L52) interface. This interface is used to retrieve the callback data from the packet data (using the memo field in the case of `transfer` and `ica`). See its implementation in the [`transfer`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/transfer/types/packet.go#L85-L105) module.

Author: I added the For example suggestion

  // If the packet sender is unknown or undefined, an empty string should be returned.
  GetPacketSender(sourcePortID string) string
}
```

This is an optional interface that can be implemented by the underlying ibc application's packet data type. It is used to retrieve the packet sender address from the packet data. The callbacks middleware uses this interface to retrieve the packet sender address and pass it to the callback function during a source callback. If this interface is not implemented, then the callbacks middleware passes and empty string as the sender address. See its implementation in the [`transfer`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/transfer/types/packet.go#L74-L83) and [`ica`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/types/packet.go#L78-L92) module.

This interface was added so that secondary applications can retrieve the packet sender address to perform custom authorization logic if needed.

Since middlewares do not have packet types, they do not need to implement this interface.

## Interfaces for developing the Secondary Application

### `ContractKeeper`

> The callbacks middleware requires the secondary application to implement the [`ContractKeeper`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/main/modules/apps/callbacks/types/expected_keepers.go#L11-L64) interface.

Reviewer 3: It might be nice to add more description here. 

> The contract keeper will be invoked at each step of the packet lifecycle. When a packet is sent, if callback information is provided, the contract keeper will be invoked via the `IBCSendPacketCallback`. This allows the contract keeper to prevent packet sends when callback information is provided, but the sender is unauthroized to perform callbacks on the given information. If successful, the contract keeper on the destination (if present) will be invoked when a packet has been received and the acknowledgement is written, this will occur via `IBCReceivePacketCallback`. At the end of the packet lifecycle, when processing acknolwedgements or timeouts, the source contract keeper will be invoked either via `IBCOnAcknowledgementPacket` or `IBCOnTimeoutPacket`. Once a packet has been sent, each step of the packet lifecycle can be processed given that a relayer sets the gas limit to be more than or equal to the required `CommitGasLimit`. State changes performed in the callback will only be committed upon successful execution.

Author: Added

  // If the packet sender is unknown or undefined, an empty string should be returned.
  GetPacketSender(sourcePortID string) string
}
```

This is an optional interface that can be implemented by the underlying ibc application's packet data type. It is used to retrieve the packet sender address from the packet data. The callbacks middleware uses this interface to retrieve the packet sender address and pass it to the callback function during a source callback. If this interface is not implemented, then the callbacks middleware passes and empty string as the sender address. For example, see its implementation in the [`transfer`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/transfer/types/packet.go#L74-L83) and [`ica`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/release/v7.3.x/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/types/packet.go#L78-L92) module.

This interface was added so that secondary applications can retrieve the packet sender address to perform custom authorization logic if needed.

Since middlewares do not have packet types, they do not need to implement this interface.

## Interfaces for developing the Secondary Application

### `ContractKeeper`

> The callbacks middleware requires the secondary application to implement the [`ContractKeeper`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/main/modules/apps/callbacks/types/expected_keepers.go#L11-L64) interface. The contract keeper will be invoked at each step of the packet lifecycle. When a packet is sent, if callback information is provided, the contract keeper will be invoked via the IBCSendPacketCallback. This allows the contract keeper to prevent packet sends when callback information is provided, but the sender is unauthroized to perform callbacks on the given information. If successful, the contract keeper on the destination (if present) will be invoked when a packet has been received and the acknowledgement is written, this will occur via IBCReceivePacketCallback. At the end of the packet lifecycle, when processing acknolwedgements or timeouts, the source contract keeper will be invoked either via IBCOnAcknowledgementPacket or IBCOnTimeoutPacket. Once a packet has been sent, each step of the packet lifecycle can be processed given that a relayer sets the gas limit to be more than or equal to the required CommitGasLimit. State changes performed in the callback will only be committed upon successful execution.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The callbacks middleware requires the secondary application to implement the [`ContractKeeper`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/main/modules/apps/callbacks/types/expected_keepers.go#L11-L64) interface. The contract keeper will be invoked at each step of the packet lifecycle. When a packet is sent, if callback information is provided, the contract keeper will be invoked via the IBCSendPacketCallback. This allows the contract keeper to prevent packet sends when callback information is provided, for example if the sender is unauthroized to perform callbacks on the given information. If the packet send is successful, the contract keeper on the destination (if present) will be invoked when a packet has been received and the acknowledgement is written, this will occur via IBCReceivePacketCallback. At the end of the packet lifecycle, when processing acknolwedgements or timeouts, the source contract keeper will be invoked either via IBCOnAcknowledgementPacket or IBCOnTimeoutPacket. Once a packet has been sent, each step of the packet lifecycle can be processed given that a relayer sets the gas limit to be more than or equal to the required CommitGasLimit. State changes performed in the callback will only be committed upon successful execution.
```
minor fixes to my previous suggestion:
was
> , but the sender is unauthroized to perform callbacks on the given information

now 

> , for example if the sender is unauthroized to perform callbacks on the given information

Author: done
